fix package versions (#715)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/contribute/topics.md

:::{note}
To demonstrate extra styles and syntax that is not in the Kitchen sink, use the [Theme Elements reference](../demo/theme-elements.md).
:::

> ## Update JavaScript dependencies and their versions
> 
> There are two kinds of dependency definitions in this theme:
> 
> - `package.json` contains the **base dependencies** for this theme. They are broken down into a few categories like `dependencies` and `devDependencies`. It is edited by the maintainers.
> - `package-lock.json` contains the complete **frozen dependency chain** for this theme, including all sub-dependencies of our base dependencies. It is automatically generated.
> 
> To update or add JS dependency, modify (or append to) the list of dependencies in `package.json`.
> Then, manually update our `package-lock.json` file with `stb npm install --include=dev`.
> This will update various lines in `package-lock.json`, which you can then commit to the repository.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Update JavaScript dependencies and their versions

There are two kinds of dependency definitions in this theme:

- `package.json` contains the **base dependencies** for this theme. They are broken down into a few categories like `dependencies` and `devDependencies`. It is edited by the maintainers.
- `package-lock.json` contains the complete **frozen dependency chain** for this theme, including all sub-dependencies of our base dependencies. It is automatically generated.

To update or add a JS dependency, follow these steps:

1. **Edit `package.json`** by adding or modifying a dependency.
2. **Re-generate `package-lock.json`** in order to create a new set of frozen dependencies for the theme. To do this, run the following command from [the Sphinx Theme Builder](https://github.com/pradyunsg/sphinx-theme-builder).

   ```
   stb npm install --include=dev
   ```
3. **Commit both files** to the repository. When new people pull in the latest commits, their `npm` environment will automatically update according to the new lockfile.
````
